How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It made it easy to visually spot the character that had changed because it was lined up with the unchanged string on the next line. 


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It could help you remember the sequence of your thinking process as you made changes to your code. It could also help you figure out where you made a mistake that caused a cascading problem.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Pros: Manually choosing when to commit allows the version history to become a record of the major events in the programmer's thinking process while he/she was creating the code. Also, it allows the version history to not be cluttered with arbitrary versions of the code which, incidentally, may or may not even compile.

Cons: The major weakness of allowing the programmer to manually choose when to commit is that he/she may be undisciplined or inconsistent in choosing when or even if, to commit.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Version control systems for interrelated files, such as source code, need to be able to track multi-file changes together as a single change. But document revision control systems don't need to support (as many) relationships between individual files.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

The "git log" command shows the unique 40 digit "commit id" of each change, who made each commit, when they did it, and the comment they added. With the "--stat" option you can also see the number of lines they removed and added from each file. 

The "git diff" command shows the lines which have changed, and what they looked
like before.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I will always know that I have an easy way to revert back to code that I know works.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to build a portfolio of projects. But at first I may try using it to fix the asteroids code bug. I'm hoping that that is what this course will show in the next lesson.



